Improve error handling around yieldctx fixtures which do not yield a value (#7083)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/7061.improvement.rst

> Raise a ValueError when a yielding fixture fails to yield a single value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a yielding fixture fails to yield a value, report a test setup error instead of crashing.
```

> Raise a ValueError when a yielding fixture fails to yield a single value

Reviewer: I think this is more of a bugfix than an improvement, so would change the changelog file to `7061.bugfix.rst`.

Author: apologies, i took the meta data from the issue which was not marked a bug, thanks will update

Reviewer: No apologies required :)
